Updated the idea list (#1)
TigardHighGDC/OGPCDocs: season-16-game-ideas.md

      - Game within a game.
      - Lore similar to Superhot.
      - Player gets more and more confused as time goes on, just trying to escape the game.

>       - Computer starts corrupted and player is trying to uncorrupt each time gaining new abilities, roguelike

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Computer starts corrupted and player is trying to un-corrupt each time gaining new abilities, roguelike
```
